[Music]
very good hearts How are you?
Make yourself comfortable because this video is going to
have a lot of substance okay I'm also going to
warn you that they are going to try to take down this video
therefore it would be
quite convenient if you
share it everywhere okay be
it Facebook call it Twitter call it
WhatsApp share it everywhere
because this video is one of those that has a little
fluff this video of that that is
going to have my guide my guide so
well I recommend that you all
share it everywhere and whoever
can't share it then give the like
okay there's that little thumb up
give it everyone absolutely
everyone give that video that with that it will
share wonderfully and it will spread
very well okay Okay before we continue
let's talk about Kiko Hernández who
is fighting with Belén Rodríguez It
seems that the friendship is already more than broken
but this is bringing out is raising
dust and
our dear Manuel Ruiz has just brought up a very
peculiar subject and a subject that surely here
with nande he doesn't like at all  is
treated again and it's the subject of his
supposed pancreatic cancer okay in case
anyone doesn't remember It turns out that
Kiko Hernandez back in 2008
2006 2008 okay suddenly brought up the
fact that he had cancer that he suffered from
cancer a subject that was sort of up in
the air he said that he was being treated for I do
n't know what and it sort of stayed up in the air
no one else has reminded him of anything
good yes the people who
reminded him were
Kiko Matamoros Kiko Matamoros not Coto
Matamoros and Pepe Herrero and a media outlet
called PR News okay specifically what they
told him here with Hernandez was
that he had made it up okay we're
talking about pancreatic cancer it's one
of the cancers with the highest mortality rate in the
world a cancer that is very difficult to
cure and miraculously well Kiko
Hernandez according to what he tells us he overcame it
okay he overcame the cancer and survived what's
going on well there are a lot of people
who don't believe it In fact here in a
magazine a former employee of Kiko
Hernandez came out to make a statement
and said  Pancreatic cancer was invented
by Rocio Jurado okay so he saw it
according to this girl he saw it on
Rocio Jurado And well I see it ass I want
No well I want it too I
want it too you too what things no And what
bad taste to want something like that but well
apparently it was inspired by Rocio Jurado
According to this woman Okay what's
happening is that many people who don't
believe it, they didn't believe it, so they
started raising their voices saying
what happened with that cancer, no like for
example is the case of PR news Coto
Matamoros and others no
Kiko Hernandez sues them for saying that he
made up that he had cancer and Kiko
Hernandez loses the lawsuit according to a
live show that Coto Matamoros and Pepe
Herrero did Kiko Hernandez was trying to
appeal this until the end but the
judges didn't agree with him it was so
simple it was so simple that
Coto Matamoros was convicted it was so simple that it was not
necessary to even appeal or bring a
witness or anything like that okay
because apparently what Kiko
Hernandez did was call one of the
appeals he called Marta Lopez in another  I don't
know what in other, I mean, a thousand turns to see
guys, he's had cancer,
you have to have some documentation, I mean, it's
as simple as you have the
documentation and then if these people
are accusing you of having made it up, well,
with your documentation you make them
lose, no, but well, the Supreme Court
ruled in favor of PR news and ki
big ones who
had announced a pancreatic cancer and
that later he would have
miraculously overcome it, well, he has to pay
about 40,000 euros in costs to these people
for having been appealing the process
and for the lawsuit that he has filed, okay, it's
curious, it's curious because very few people
echo this news and it
seems like brutal news to me, also,
notice how protected he is
here with Hernández that he almost said it on
a save me. Look at Belén Esteban here what he
insinuates. Almost almost but the
subject is not discussed. Listen to Belén
Esteban here,
you have used many things. You have
more than to keep quiet that you have used many
things, it
's yours,
you like your colleagues, of
course, for sure,
and there when he says because you don't have anything,
daughter, Belén Esteban responds to him  the
best the one who has nothing It was you already the one who
had nothing It was you you
tell him Belén Belén Esteban let's go black and white
what he's teaching him there
in Belén Esteban Well now it turns out
that with all the fuss This that's going on
not the fight between Kiko Hernández
and Belén ROM okay It turns out that Jesús
Manuel has published an article you know
that we follow Jesús Manuel a lot
in the gossipmonger properties es
diario.com And well apparently Jesús
Manuel would have proof that
before ki Fernández brought to light that
supposed Cancer it was already known in the corridors
because Belén Rock had
leaked it and also this according to Jesús
Manuel Ruiz he knows it from the mouth of some
director of some program okay or so
Belén Rock Belén would have already been that
by the way Belén Rock is warning and
warning people of lawsuits not
when she has marked Even a policeman
on the subject of the loan
because Belén ro would have been talking about
Kiko's illness
he doesn't know in this case it's diario if Kiko
Hernández would have authorized her to
tell the information in the offices
or not okay But come on  basically well it's
very curious it's not very curious No
here we could do several readings
family here we could do several
readings
some readings would be from well-
intentioned people and other readings from ill-
intentioned people a reading from well-
intentioned people well Hey Belén Rock had all
the permission in the world from Kiko Hernández
to talk about her illness or to
go around announcing it or that it slipped out without
any malice because she thought that
everyone already knew that there was a
confusion because her friend had told her that he was
going to tell her but he hadn't
told her yet anyway
What would a suspicious person think
because you already know that many of
you are very suspicious No a
suspicious person would think that
Belén Rock was such a good friend of Kiko
Hernández not his right eye no that they
always went hand in hand no and that they
kept secrets from each other no that Belén Rock
had leaked it wanting okay
seeing in red was like a
How do I explain to you how to break the
ice little to raise the hare no
Hey look this has reached me I don't
know what you think no you
believe yourselves  Do
you think Kiko Hernandez overcame that
cancer? Belén said it with
Kiko's permission. Here many possibilities open up for me,
but I'm going to leave it up to
you in the comments box to
open your mind, to open your
imagination, and above all, to what you don't
want, to have your freedom of
expression. A kiss, family. See you in
the next video. Pay close attention to my
main channel this afternoon and pay close attention
to tonight's live show. A kiss, people,
we love you very much.
[Music]